daemon: add support for IPv6 native routing CIDR (#17332)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

* ``kvstore-max-consecutive-quorum-errors``: This option configures the max
  acceptable kvstore consecutive quorum errors before the agent assumes
  permanent failure.

> * ``ipv6-native-routing-cidr``: This option allows to explicitly specify the

Reviewer: Nit: To keep with the previous line's format and to avoid the incorrect `allows to [verb]` (though we already spread that error everywhere :cry:).
```suggestion
* ``ipv6-native-routing-cidr``: This option specifies the
```
